ROUND and having comparators correctly handle special double values (#10014)
apache/druid: docs/querying/sql.md

|`SQRT(expr)`|Square root.|
|`TRUNCATE(expr[, digits])`|Truncate expr to a specific number of decimal digits. If digits is negative, then this truncates that many places to the left of the decimal point. Digits defaults to zero if not specified.|
|`TRUNC(expr[, digits])`|Synonym for `TRUNCATE`.|

> |`ROUND(expr[, digits])`|`ROUND(x, y)` would return the value of the x rounded to the y decimal places. While x can be an integer or floating-point number, y must be an integer. The type of the return value is specified by that of x. y defaults to 0 if omitted. When y is negative, x is rounded on the left side of the y decimal points. If `expr` evaluates to either `NaN`, this will return 0. |

Author: ```suggestion
|`ROUND(expr[, digits])`|`ROUND(x, y)` would return the value of the x rounded to the y decimal places. While x can be an integer or floating-point number, y must be an integer. The type of the return value is specified by that of x. y defaults to 0 if omitted. When y is negative, x is rounded on the left side of the y decimal points. If `expr` evaluates to either `NaN`, `expr` will be converted to 0. If `expr` is infinity, `expr` will be converted to the nearest finite double. |
```
